---
layout: post
title:  "FaceApp"
author: john
categories: [ Lifestyle ]
image: assets/images/faceApp.PNG
toc: true
---
"Will you walk into my parlour?" said the Spider to the Fly - and we did, like we do every time there's a new trend on the internet. FaceApp was the new kid on the block and from actors to housewives, sportsmen to schoolchildren - everyone seemed to be engulfed by an indomitable curiosity to see themselves as old - white hair, saggy cheeky and whatnot. What an urge to grow old!
With one click, you happily handed over to FaceApp the right to "reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute and display" your photos. Suspiciously, the policy also mentions its right to share information with other unidentified organizations which are or may become its affiliates. The organization based in Russia that was behind the development of the app has, however, given its statement and for all that we know, there isn't any reason to panic. Hopefully, FaceApp isn't collecting the world's data and delivering it to some secret organization, ready to destroy the world.
The problem goes far deeper and is far more intrinsic to our very existence today. With apps ruling our lives, we are voluntarily giving away our data every single day to third-party organizations. At what risk to our privacy are we enjoying the services offered by Big Data-powered apps? The list of how your data can be used against you is endless - and frightening. As our planet turns into one big technological hub where every single thing is part of a network, be aware. Comfortable services are one click away. Make sure you don't open up possibilities to lose everything with that click.
 
#spiderandfly #faceapp #trending #growold #russia #faceapprussiansgonnastealmyface #thirdparty #privacy #privacyrisk #bigdataanalysis #secret #hyperprobe #drawtheline #thoughtoftheday💭 #ieeeinitiative #jadavpuruniversity
