---
layout: post
title:  "ML AI"
author: john
categories: [ Lifestyle ]
image: assets/images/MLAI.PNG
toc: true
---
Suppose you're a brilliant student placed in a well-paying company with clean records. You're finally edging towards your dream of owning your own house and as a first step, you apply for a loan. Could things possibly go wrong? Well, yes. It seems that your financial institution relies on Machine Learning to perform the task of loan approvals. The algorithm has learnt that applicants from the suburban area you're from have had most of their applications rejected due to poor income levels.
Artificial Intelligence has never been relied upon as much as it is now. A programmer has, till today, been responsible only for the smooth running of codes and efficient working of the system. But, sifting through huge piles of data everyday, machine learning algorithms seem to develop prejudices of their own. While we grow up learning how terrible it is to hold on to prejudices and understand that an opinion of the majority doesn't necessarily guarantee its authenticity, artificial intelligence seems hell-bent on making us unlearn all of it. It is disastrous in today's times that facial recognition systems work best on white males. Research and awareness on the ethical aspects of artificial intelligence is growing as it rightfully should and we hope to dream of a better, more inclusive world. .
. (Introductory example courtesy: 'Is Artificial Intelligence Racist?', Medium Daily Digest)

#hyperprobe #ieeeinitiative #ieeestudentbranch #jadavpuruniversity #machinelearning #artificialintelligence #mediumdailydigest #new #startup